feat: custom database port for read-only replica configuration (#205)
frappe/frappe_docs: frappe_docs/www/docs/user/en/basics/site_config.md

| `db_ssl_key` | Full path to the key.pem file used for connecting to a database host using ssl. Example value is `"/etc/mysql/ssl/client-key.pem"`. |
| `rds_db` | Grant certain privileges instead of all, while setting up a Site's database. Used in `db_manager.py`. |

### Replica Read Only Database Host Settings

> An example of how to do this is available at [Setup read operations from slave/secondary mysql system](https://frappeframework.com/docs/user/en/guides/database-settings/setup-read-from-secondary-db).

Reviewer: Re-worded and added all keys to the common config page.

```suggestion
Guide to setup read operations from secondary MariaDB server in a replica setup is available at in the [user guides](/docs/user/en/guides/database-settings/setup-read-from-secondary-db).

| | |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| `read_from_replica` | To enable disable read from replica. Acceptable values are 1/0 or true/false. |
| `different_credentials_for_replica` | If database credentials are different on replica then set 1 else 0 |
| `replica_host` | IP address for repica |
| `replica_db_name` | Replica DB name |
| `replica_db_password` | Replica DB password |

```
